THE PRESIDENT: Speaker Johnson, Vice President Vance, the first lady of the United States, members of the United States Congress, thank you very much.  

And to my fellow citizens, America is back.  

Six weeks ago, I stood beneath the dome of this Capitol and proclaimed the dawn of the golden age of America.  From that moment on, it has been nothing but swift and unrelenting action to usher in the greatest and most successful era in the history of our country.

We have accomplished more in 43 days than most administrations accomplished in four years or eight years, and we are just getting started. Thank you.

I return to this chamber tonight to report that America’s momentum is back, our spirit is back, our pride is back, our confidence is back, and the American dream is surging bigger and better than ever before. The American dream is unstoppable, and our country is on the verge of a comeback, the likes of which the world has never witnessed and perhaps will never witness again. There’s never been anything like it.

The presidential election of November 5th was a mandate like has not been seen in many decades. We won all seven swing states, giving us an electoral college victory of 312 votes. We won the popular vote —

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: (Inaudible.)

THE PRESIDENT: — by big numbers and won counties in our country —

AUDIENCE: Booo —

AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: You are — you have no right to cut Medicaid.

AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!

THE PRESIDENT: — and won counties in our country 2,700 to 525 on a map that reads almost completely red for Republican.

Now, for the first time in modern history, more Americans believe that our country is headed in the right direction than the wrong direction. In fact, it’s an astonishing record: 27-point swing, the most ever.

Likewise, small-business optimism saw its single largest one-month gain ever recorded.

SPEAKER JOHNSON: Mr. President —

THE PRESIDENT: A 41-point jump.

(Speaker Johnson strikes the gavel.)

SPEAKER JOHNSON: Members are directed to uphold and maintain decorum in the House and to cease any further disruptions. That’s your warning.

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: He has no mandate to cut Medicaid.

SPEAKER JOHNSON: Members are engaging in willful and continuing breach of decorum, and the chair is prepared to direct the sergeant at arms to restore order to the joint session.

Mr. Green, take your seat. Take your seat, sir.

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: He has no mandate to cut Medicaid.

SPEAKER JOHNSON: Take your seat.

Finding that members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of proper decorum, the chair now directs the sergeant at arms to restore order. Remove this gentleman from the chamber.

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: Shame on all of you.

(Members of the audience sing “Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye.”)

(Cross-talk.)

REPRESENTATIVE GREEN: You have no mandate.

SPEAKER JOHNSON: Members are directed to uphold and maintain decorum in the House.

Mr. President, you can continue.